#Air Mass	AltitudeThe Air Mass of an object is the relative thickness of atmosphere between the observer and the object being observed, with 1.0 being the minimum (i.e. looking straight up). This will increase with decreasing Altitude.#Altitude	RA	Declination	Site Latitude, Longitude, GMT Offset	Local Date/TimeAltitude is the angular distance between the object being observed and the theoretical horizon. 0.0 is horizontal, 90.0 is straight up (the zenith), and -90.0 is straight down (the nadir).#App Mag	Magnitude	ExtinctionApparent Magnitude is the Magnitude (brightness) of the object, but taking into account the effects of atmospheric extinction, especially near the horizon. It is directly dependent on object Altitude. It is also dependent of site altitude above sea level and season of the year.#Azimuth	RA	Declination	Site Latitude, Longitude, GMT Offset	Local Date/TimeAzimuth is the angular distance between the object being observed and True North. 0.0 is due North, 90.0 is due East, 180.0 is due South, and 270.0 is due West.#CatalogueThe Catalogue from which this object was originally extracted.#Chart#	RA	DeclinationThe Chart number or atlas page number that contains this object. The charts/atlases in use are defined in the object list preferences.#Const	RA	DeclinationThe Constellation that this object resides in. This is fixed for deep sky and stellar objects, but will change for solar system objects which move in the sky over time.#DecThe Declination of the object (similar to Latitude on earth maps). This is fixed for stellar and deep-sky objects, but will change over time for solar system objects. Has values from -90 degrees at the south celestial pole to +90 degrees at the north celestial pole.#Diff Idx	Magnitude	Magnitude2	SeparationThe Difficulty Index for double stars. This is a number between 0 (easy) and 100 (extremely difficult) that gives an indication of how difficult a double star will be to split. #Extinct	Altitude	Site	Date	Atmospheric Extinction. This is the effect the atmosphere has, at the given altitude, on the object in terms of magnitude. It will be 0 if the object is at the zenith, and increases as the object gets closer to the horizon. e.g. the value 1.5 means that the object will appear 1.5 magnitudes dimmer than the given Magnitude.#Hr Angle	RA	Sidereal TimeThe Hour Angle is the difference between the object's current right ascension (RA) and the right ascension of the meridian. It varies between -12 hours and +12 hours and will be zero when the object transits. It also represents the time since the object passed the meridian (e.g. -2.5 hours means the object will reach the meridian in 2.5 hours), assuming the object is a DSO or a slow-moving solar system object.#HJD	RA	Declination	Julian DateThe Heliocentric Julian Date is the Julian Date taking into account light travel time from the Sun. This date is used when measuring photometric magnitudes of variable stars in order to make sure all readings are standardized to the same time scale, regardless of time of year.#IDThe primary ID for the object.#ImagesIf the object has associated Images in the image database, this column will contain an entry.#LOC	Magnitude	Size	Sky BrightnessLog Object Contrast (LOC) is a measure of the contrast of the (deep-sky) object against the background sky. It depends on the brightness and size of the object, and the brightness of the sky.#Moon	RA	Declination	Site Latitude, Longitude, GMT Offset	Local Date/TimeThe current angular distance between this object and the position of the Moon. Values from 0 (the object is at the same coordinates as the Moon) to 180 (the object is on the far side of the sky from the Moon).#Sun	RA	Declination	Site Latitude, Longitude, GMT Offset	Local Date/TimeThe current angular distance between this object and the position of the Moon. Values from 0 (the object is at the same coordinates as the Moon) to 180 (the object is on the far side of the sky from the Moon).#L Rating	Magnitude	Magnitude2	Separation	Telescope	Current SeeingLord's Rating is applicable only to double star objects (in particular double stars with unequal magnitudes). It requires the Performance index to be computed, which means the Current Telescope and Current Seeing popup menus must be used. The value is based on telescope aperture, central obstruction (if any) and seeing conditions.#MagThe Magnitude of the object. This is fixed for stellar and deep-sky objects, but typically varies for solar system objects. For variable stars this represents the maximum brightness of the star. For double stars, it's the magnitude of the primary star.#Mag 2The Magnitude of the secondary star, for double star objects. For variable stars this represents the minimum brightness of the star.#NameAdditional Name or names for the object.#User NotesUser Notes for the object. These are entered by the user.#Catalogue NotesCatalogue Notes for the object. These are created when an object is added from a catalogue, and that catalogue has a Description field. They cannot be changed by the user.#Obs	IDThe number of observations of this object resident in the observation database. This includes any synonyms of the object.#ODM	Magnitude	Size	Sky Brightness	TelescopeThe Optimum Detection Magnification of the (deep-sky) object for the currently selected telescope. It will be displayed for any object that has both magnitude and size (i.e. has a computable surface brightness). The value represents the best magnification to use with the selected telescope in order to detect the object.#Prob	Magnitude	TelescopeProbability of visual detection of a star of given Magnitude in the currently selected telescope. e.g. if the probability is 60% then the star will be detectable 60% of the time under ideal conditions.#Prob 2	Magnitude2	TelescopeProbability of visual detection of a star of given Magnitude 2 in the currently selected telescope. e.g. if the probability is 60% then the star will be detectable 60% of the time under ideal conditions.#TDist	RA	Declination	Telescope RA/Dec coordinatesTelescope Distance. When a telescope is connected and supplying its current pointing coordinates, this is the angular distance of the object from those coordinates in degrees. Values from 0 (the telescope is pointing at the object) to 180 (the telescope is pointing directly away from the object).#Found	IDTrue if at least one observation for this object has its Found status set to true. False if there are no observations of the object, or if all observations have a Found value of false.#PeriodThe Period of the object. This is generally understood to be the light curve period (in days) for a variable star.#PosAnglePosition Angle of the object with respect to north. This refers to the secondary component of a double star with respect to the primary component, or the angle of the longer (major) axis for a galaxy. It has a value of 0 through 360 degrees, with 90 being due East.#RAThe Right Ascension of the object (similar to Longitude on earth maps, but runs from 0 to 24 hours). This is fixed for stellar and deep-sky objects, but will change over time for solar system objects. #Rating	IDThe average Rating for this object. The rating is computed from rating values in observations of the object. Defined on the object list preferences.#Rise	RA	Declination	Site Latitude, Longitude, GMT Offset	Local Date/TimeRise time of the object. This is the time of the current day when the object rises above the (theoretical) horizon.#SB	Magnitude	SizeSurface Brightness of the (deep-sky) object, in magnitudes per square arcsecond.#SepThe object Separation. This is for double star objects. The value is expressed in arcseconds (3600 arcsec = 1 degree).#Set	RA	Declination	Site Latitude, Longitude, GMT Offset	Local Date/TimeSet time of the object. This is the time of the current day when the object sets below the (theoretical) horizon.#SizeThe angular Size of a deep-sky object. Unless otherwise shown the size is expressed in minutes of arc (60 minutes = 1 degree). If the object is non-circular then the size is given as AxB where A is the angular size of the longer axis, and B is the angular size of the shorter axis.#SpectSpectral information pertaining to the object.#CompComponents of the object, particularly for double stars. e.g. “AB”.#Transit Date	RA	DeclinationThe date of the year when the object transits (reaches its highest altitude; crosses the meridian) with the greatest altitude.#Transit	RA	Declination	Site Latitude, Longitude, GMT Offset	Local Date/TimeThe time of the current day when the object transits (reaches its highest altitude; crosses the meridian).#Transit Alt	Declination	Site LatitudeThe altitude of the object when it transits (reaches its highest altitude; crosses the meridian). If you use one of the format options ending in “Z”, then “N” or “S” will be added, depending on whether the transit occurs north or south of the zenith.#TypeThe Type of the object (e.g. Star, Galaxy, etc.). If the object falls into more than one category then the types will be separated by "+".#Vis	RA	Declination	Site Latitude, Longitude, GMT Offset, Horizon	Local Date/TimeThe Visibility of the object at the given site and date/time. This takes on the following possible values:blank - the object is currently not visible.Yes - the object is visible.Horz - the object is behind the user-defined horizon for the site.Light - the object is in the user-defined light dome for the site.Limit - the object is outside the slewing limits of the telescope.#Level	Type	Magnitude/s	Size	Period	Separation	Plan Creation Wizard criteria.The Plan Creation Wizard difficulty level, 1 (easy) through 5 (difficult), that the object would be if it was in the Plan Creation Wizard database, where applicable.#Par Angle	RA	Declination	Local Sidereal Time	Site LatitudeThe Parallactic Angle of the object at the current local (sidereal) time. This is the angle between the great circle passing through the object and the zenith point, and the great circle passing through the object and the celestial poles. The angle is zero when the object crosses the meridian.
#Obsvbty	RA	Declination	Site Latitude, Longitude, GMTOffset	Local Date/Time
The Observability value for the object at the current local date/time. This value varies between 0 (not observable) and 100 (perfect time to observe) and depends on the object's altitude, distance from moon and sun, moon phase and sky position, position w.r.t. the meridian, etc.
#Best Time	RA	Declination	Site Latitude, Longitude, GMTOffset	Local Date/Time
The local time in the next 24 hours (to the nearest 15 minutes) that the object is best observed (based on its maximum Observability value during that period). If the Best Time is less than the current local time, then it refers to the next evening.
#Split	Magnitude	Magnitude2	Separation	Telescope Aperture	Telescope Obstruction	Site Sky Brightness
The "splitability" of a double star when viewed through the currently-selected telescope under ideal conditions. "Yes"=splittable, "???"=possible but difficult, "No"=not splittable.#Split mm	Magnitude	Magnitude2	Separation	Telescope Aperture	Telescope Obstruction	Site Sky Brightness
The telescope aperture required to split a double star with a 50% chance of success, when viewed through the currently-selected telescope under ideal conditions.#G.Lat	RA	Declination
The galactic latitude of the object. This varies between -90 and +90 degrees, with 0 being on the galactic equator (passing through the plane of the Milky Way).
#G.Long	RA	Declination
The galactic longitude of the object. This varies between 0 and 360 degrees along the galactic equator (passing through the plane of the Milky Way).
#E.Lat	RA	Declination
The ecliptic latitude of the object. This varies between -90 and +90 degrees, with 0 being on the ecliptic (passing through the plane of the solar system). +ve north of the ecliptic, -ve south.
#E.Long	RA	Declination
The ecliptic longitude of the object. This varies between 0 and 360 degrees along the ecliptic (passing through the plane of the solar system). Measured from the vernal equinox.
#Dk Start	Site	RA	Declination	Date/Time
The start time of the next time the object is in complete astronomical darkness, and is above the elevation specified in the object list preferences (and is also above the user-defined horizon if one has been specified for the given site). This will be the current time if the object is currently in this condition. If the object is not in this condition in the next 24 hours, the column will be blank.
#Dk End	Site	RA	Declination	Date/Time
The end time of the next time the object is in complete astronomical darkness, and is above the elevation specified in the object list preferences (and is also above the user-defined horizon if one has been specified for the given site). If the object is not in this condition in the next 24 hours, the column will be blank.
#Dk Dur	Site	RA	Declination	Date/Time
The duration (in hours) of the next time the object is in complete astronomical darkness, and is above the elevation specified in the object list preferences (and is also above the user-defined horizon if one has been specified for the given site).
#Best EP	Magnitude	Separation	Size	Site	Telescope
The best eyepiece required to detect the object using the given telescope at the given site.
#Best Mag	Magnitude	Separation	Size	Site	Telescope
The best magnification required to detect the object using the given telescope at the given site.
#Opposition	RA	Declination	Site
The date at which the object will be at opposition (closest to the meridian at local midnight).
